h2. Deprecated.

This project has been deprecated and is no longer supported, nor compatible with the latest releases of Unity.


h1. Griddy

A Grid library for the Unity game engine.

Supports Square and Hex grids for games of all genres.

Source: "GitHub":https://github.com/nickbreslin/Griddy

h3. Nick Breslin, Etiquette Studio

E-Mail: "nickbreslin@gmail.com":mailto:nickbreslin@gmail.com

h2. License

* Source under "MIT license":http://copyfree.org/licenses/mit/license.txt.
* I would very much appreciate to know if Griddy or Examples are used in released titles.

h2. Contributions

* MonoSingleton.cs from "Berenger":http://unifycommunity.com/wiki/index.php?title=Singleton
* SilkScreen Font from "Jason Kottke":http://kottke.org/plus/type/silkscreen/
* GUI influenced by "AngryAnt":http://eej.dk/angryant/general/tipsandtricks/building-a-menu-of-delegates-and-enums/

h2. Releases & Changelog

h3. 2012.05.26 - v0.03 - Selection Algorithms

* Line, Arc/Cone/Triangle, Perimeter Range Selection.
* Revisiting Format and Griddy core methods.

h3. 2012.05.18 - v0.02 - Tic-Tac-Toe Example

* Demonstration using 3x3 Square Grid
* Full Game & MVC Implementation

h3. 2012.05.05 - v0.01 - MVC Implementation

* Implementation of a basic MVC pattern.
* This version is comprised of completely different assets from previous versions.

h3. 2010 - v0.1 - Archive Release

* Original 2010 release, now stored in the Archive branch. Compatibility with Unity 3.x is unknown.
* This version will not be supported by future versions.

h2. Projects Using Griddy

h3. Original (2010) Griddy
* "Bomber Bunnies":http://bomberbunnies.com
